[ Music ]
>> Rachel Magario: My mom
was key on my development.
She first let me know that I could do it.
so, anytime that something happen that
could make me think I couldn't do it,
my mom will step in even though she was really,
really afraid, she will step in and help me out.
Parents are pivotal in the life of a child
but even more if that child has a disability.
And, if you have a child with
blindness, the best thing you can do
for them is number one believe in
them, number two create environments
where they can learn and get information.
That doesn't matter if it's
important information or not,
but just fill their brains
with every information you can.
And then, third is to infuse in their hearts
that they can be whoever they want to be
and let them learn the process of advocating and
learning that is their right to have information
and participate like everybody else.
[ Music ]